Add how-to to configure TLS to access the 12-Factor App over HTTPS (#2381)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/howto/manage-web-app-charms/use-web-app-charm.rst

the **WebApp Operator** dashboard for Flask and Django.
For other frameworks, you may access the logs by picking ``loki`` in the
``http://<IP_ADDRESS>/<JUJU_MODEL_NAME>-grafana/explore`` page.

Configure TLS for a web app charm
---------------------------------

You can configure TLS if your ingress provider charm supports integration with

> a certificate provider charm. To test locally, you can use the

Reviewer: > To test...

By saying "test" here in the first paragraph, we're making what looks like another task statement that contradicts the heading. Is the user going to _configure_ TLS, or _test_ with a charm locally?

Instead, I think we ought to say that the best way to test the TLS connection is with that charm.

`Self Signed Certificates <https://charmhub.io/self-signed-certificates>`_
charm as a certificate provider.

First, :ref:`integrate your web app with ingress <integrate_web_app_ingress>`.

Using the `Nginx Ingress Integrator <https://charmhub.io/nginx-ingress-integrator>`_

> charm as an ingress provider, you can set the hostname with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
charm as an ingress provider, set the hostname with:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    juju config nginx-ingress-integrator service-hostname=<yourdomain.example.com>

> Deploy the ``self-signed-certificates`` charm and integrate with the
> ``nginx-ingress-integrator`` charm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the `Self Signed X.509 Certificates
<https://charmhub.io/self-signed-certificates>` charm and integrate the two charms:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    juju deploy self-signed-certificates
    juju integrate self-signed-certificates nginx-ingress-integrator

At this point your 12-factor app can be accessed using HTTPS.
In the case of the ``nginx-ingress-integrator`` charm, if you access the

> external URL of your charm using HTTP, you will get a 308 Permanent Redirect

Reviewer: > your charm

I think this should be "the integrator charm" or "your app"?

> At this point your 12-factor app can be accessed using HTTPS.
> In the case of the ``nginx-ingress-integrator`` charm, if you access the
> external URL of your charm using HTTP, you will get a 308 Permanent Redirect
> HTTP status code that will redirect to the HTTPS URL. You can access the HTTPS
> URL of your app with a command like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your 12-factor app is now accessible over HTTPS. If you access the external URL of your
app using HTTP, it returns an HTTP ``308 Permanent Redirect`` status and a redirect to
the HTTPS URL. You can access the HTTPS URL of your app with a command like:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   curl -v --insecure https://<yourdomain.example.com> \
     --resolve <yourdomain.example.com>:443:<ingress-ip>

.. note::

    The ``--insecure`` option is needed because the certificate authority in the
    ``self-signed-certificate`` charm is not trusted.

>     The ``--resolve <yourdomain.example.com>:443:<ingress-ip>`` option to the ``curl``
>     command is a way of resolving the hostname of the request without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``--resolve <yourdomain.example.com>:443:<ingress-ip>`` option is a way of
    resolving the hostname of the request without
```

    setting a DNS record.

To obtain a TLS certificate signed by a trusted certificate authority (CA)

> using the ACME protocol, you can use the  `LEGO <https://charmhub.io/lego>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the ACME protocol, use the `LEGO <https://charmhub.io/lego>`_
```
